# 0x02. C - Functions, nested loops
## mandatory

- [0. _putchar](./0-putchar.c) : Write a program that prints `_putchar`, followed by a new line
- [1. alphabet](./1-alphabet.c) : Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
- [2. 10 x alphabet](./2-print_alphabet_x10.c) : Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
- [3. islower](./3-islower.c) : Write a function that checks for lowercase character.
- [4. isalpha](./4-isalpha.c) : Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.
- [5. Sign](./5-sign.c) : Write a function that prints the sign of a number.
- [6. absolute](./6-abs.c) : Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.
- [7. last digit](./7-print_last_digit.c) : Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.
- [8. hour in a day](./8-24_hours.c) : Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
- [9. time table](./9-times_table.c) : Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
- [10. a + b](./10-add.c) : Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.
- [11. all natural numbers](./11-print_to_98.c) : Write a function that prints all natural numbers from `n` to `98`, followed by a new line.

## advanced

- [12. n time table](./100-times_table.c) : Write a function that prints the `n` times table, starting with 0.
- [13. sum of multiple](./101-natural.c) : Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of `3` or `5` below `1024` (excluded), followed by a new line.
- [14. Fibonacci](./102-fibonacci.c) : Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
- [15. Even Liber Abbaci](./103-fibonacci.c) : Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with `1` and `2`, the first 10 terms will be: `1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89.` By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.
- [16. 98 fibonacci](./104-fibonacci.c) :  Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with `1` and `2`, followed by a new line.

## other
- [header](./main.h) : contain headers and function prototype
